DOCSP-23996 Add enableUtf8Validation URI Option (#841)
mongodb/docs-node: source/fundamentals/connection/connection-options.txt

     - Specifies whether to force dispatch **all** operations to the host
       specified in the connection URI.

   * - **enableUtf8Validation**
     - boolean
     - ``true``

>      -   Specifies if utf8 validation for the connection is enabled. 

Author: Updated.

>      -   Specifies if utf8 validation for the connection is enabled. 

Author: Good eye, updated.

>          When enabled, MongoDB throws an error when 

Author: Updated.

         it attempts to convert data that contains invalid 

>          `UTF-8 characters <https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/UTF-8>`__. 

Author: Good idea, I added this to the end of the table cell.

         The validation adds processing overhead since it needs to check 
         the data.

         Specifying ``false`` disables utf8 validation for the 
         connection. If you disable validation, your application avoids 

>          the validation processing overhead but cannot guarantee 

Author: Updated the true/false blurbs for symmetry and added the disclaimer from the mentioned PR.

     - Specifies whether to force dispatch **all** operations to the host
       specified in the connection URI.

   * - **enableUtf8Validation**
     - boolean
     - ``true``
     - 
       Specifying ``true`` enables UTF-8 validation for the 

>        connection. MongoDB throws an error when 
>        it attempts to convert data that contains invalid 
>        UTF-8 characters. The validation adds validation processing 
>        overhead since it needs to check the data.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
       connection. MongoDB throws an error when 
       it attempts to serialize string data that contains invalid 
       UTF-8 characters to BSON.  This applies to both document keys and 
       document values.  The validation adds validation processing 
       overhead.
```

       Specifying ``false`` disables UTF-8 validation for the 
       connection. MongoDB does not throw errors when 
       data contains invalid UTF-8 data. If you disable validation, 
       your application avoids the validation processing overhead 
       but cannot guarantee consistent presentation of invalid 

>        UTF-8 data. **Editing data** while validation is disabled

Reviewer: > If you disable validation, 
>        your application avoids the validation processing overhead 
>        but cannot guarantee consistent presentation of invalid 
>        UTF-8 data.

what does "consistent presentation of invalid utf8 validation" mean here?

>        UTF-8 data. **Editing data** with ``enableUtf8Validation=false`` 

Reviewer 2: Suggestion:

I think it's strange to format the full parameter and setting as it would appear in the connection string, especially since it's in the "enableUtf8Validation" parameter row and in the paragraph describing the "false" section.

```suggestion
       UTF-8 data. **Editing data** while validation is disabled
```

>        can result in loss of data. Disabling UTF-8 validation is a 

Reviewer: is it accurate that disabling utf8 validation can result in loss of data?  the driver will still successfully insert the data, it just won't be queryable by a client that has utf8 validation enabled.

Reviewer 3: Here we were concerned about people reading their data (with U+FFFD replacement characters), then writing it again (or some modified version of it) as an insert/update, which will lead to the U+FFFD replacement character being written to the database instead of the original information (i.e. the original bytes in the database are no longer available afterwards)

       temporary workaround to query or export data only.

>        To learn more about UTF-8 characters, 

Reviewer: Should we link to the utf-8 validation docs? https://www.mongodb.com/docs/drivers/node/current/fundamentals/bson/utf8-validation/

Author: I added a link to the closing sentence advising on this option.
